Update README.md (#32)
USGS-WiM/wimpo: README.md

### Prerequisites

Prerequisities needed to install the software and how to install them

### Installing

Provide the steps needed to install and run. Provide actual commands when possible.

First step
```
install app
```
Second step
```
other command
```

> ...etc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
... etc
```

## Building and testing

> If applicable, explain how to build and test the applciation. 

Reviewer 2: Typo: "applciation"

Author: Fixed.

## Development Workflow

> Explain the desired workflow. This section is optional, and more useful in the cases where there are non-WIM outside collaborators working on the repo. 

Reviewer 2: My opinion is that this section shouldn't be optional and that we should provide a basic workflow to start, based on the principles in the development constitution.

Author: @amedenblik I think maybe we could point to the dev constitution? What I was trying to avoid here was a long section of text with all the steps of the dev process. Just seems excessive and out of scope to me, but I will ask folks on Team call as I know you are out this week.

Author: Insert language: Leave this up to the lead dev and follow dev constitution (provide link).

Author: Language updated.

> Explain the desired workflow for development. This should be outlined by the lead developer of the repository, based on the guidelines and requirements laid out in the [WIM Collaborative Development Constitution](https://github.com/USGS-WiM/wimfo/tree/dev/Development/Development_at_WIM/Application_Standards).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explain the desired workflow for development. This should be outlined by the lead developer of the repository, based on the guidelines and requirements detailed in the [WIM Collaborative Development Constitution](https://github.com/USGS-WiM/wimfo/tree/dev/Development/Development_at_WIM/Application_Standards).
```

'Laid out' feels weird for some reason, feel free to ignore if you think it's better that 'detailed' or 'outlined' or something

Reviewer: @BlakeDraper if you don't want to change the wording just mark this as resolved and I'll approve this pr

## Deployment

> Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system. **Do not include any credentials, IP addresses, or other sensitive information**

Reviewer 2: Add period after second sentence.

Author: Done.
